---
layout: default
description: This is a template for any given meeting.
date: YYYY-MM-DD
time:
  open: "20:25"
  close: "20:48"
author: Timeka Beecham
signed: Victor Vicario
tally: 13
---

## Agenda

### Financial Items
* Extra door lock/strike for Green room- $60
* $150 to reimburse Karl for MIG welder

### Announcements
* Locking the Space and plans to remedy the issue
* Help needed for urgent space security install and programing
* Help needed for tool armory project
* Kickstarter launch imminent 
* Kids Robot Activity- help soldering and other preparations

---

## Meeting

#### {{ page.tally }} Members Present

* Chang-Yi Yao
* Alan Blake
* Tim Owen
* Victor Vicario
* Dave Waddington 
* Sven Hanzka
* Peter Caelli
* Hamish McGregor
* Luke Hovington
* Brendan Halliday
* Karl Richardson
* Aaron Bycroft
* Mike Ando
* Timeka Beecham

#### Notes

Opened
:{{ page.time.open }}

victor asks everyone to sign the sheet and to put name in right column

Vote for mag lock for green room door
For 14
against 0
Abstain 0

Reinbursment to Karl for a TIG welder he bought online which is suitable for small projects and does things we can't curerently do. 
Mike sugest multiple votes
Luke asks who would be willing to put some cash in for it- about 10 people 
Luke gives finacial report that we have around 3000 abouve min
for 12
against 0
abtainn 1

Yesterday morning we had an incident of the rolling door of the shed being left open. 3:30am, Karl says he was here until 4pm and then left Blair in charge of it. Victor is putting signs up on all the doors to try and remind people 
Victor sates that we'd like to have a working bee to help get all the security equipment installed.
Luke says that we need to do a lot of programing with the firmware
Tool amoury needs some work and if anyone can contribute to finishing this. Speak to 
Kickstarter is going live on Friday, so if you can share the link and get us as much publicity as possible, ever person adds to our final 
Mike points out that it is a big group effort and we can make a huge amount cash to make it. Eevn if you can just donate a $2 teir because just the numbers will help. Keep the space clean. Bring in cool projects over the month to show off. 
Victor- the relaunch party will be a good place for members to contribute cause $25 for a all included.
Peter wants to know if he can plaster posters instead of social media. 
Kids day on Saturday, victor Timeka and Skip
If anyone can help 
G20 weekend there is a cultural event in the city and they'd like to make a cool display. They will cover our costs to make cool looking stuff.
Mike- if anyone missed out on his soylant talk...
Victor- he is putting signs up on inducted machinary, and we'll put stickers on cards
Bear- will reinburse money to members. On another note, the shop is getting to omessy, so he will lock it up until it's cleaned

Closed
:{{ page.time.close }}

#### Records

Minuted
:{{ page.author }}

Signed
:{{ page.signed }}
